google: Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go;
Experience : web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval;
networking, systems/security software development.
Experience in full stack web application development; API development (e.g. REST);
Experience in one or more of the following: architecting/developing  large scale distributed systems, concurrency,
multithreading and synchronization;multithreading and synchronization.
Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming;
Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking,
massive data storage, Hadoop, MapReduce and security.
Scripting skills in Python, Perl, Shell or another common language;
Experience working with Data Structures or Algorithms ;
Experience working one or more of the following: web or mobile application development,Unix/Linux environments,
distributed and parallel systems,information retrieval,natural language processing, networking, 
developing large software systems, and/or security software development;
Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals (e.g. filesystems, system calls),
and with networking (e.g. routing, ESDN) or cloud systems.Experience analyzing and troubleshooting systems.
Ability to design large-scale distributed systems,Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.
Experience with device drivers, virtualization, Linux kernel and windows networking.
Experience in Virtual Machine Monitor.Experience in Kernel-Based Virtual Machine.Experience in Cloud Networking.
experience designing and managing MySQL databases with a focus on performance, 
security, scalability, reliability, high-availability, and disaster recovery.
Experience with database internals and diagnosing memory leaks, data corruption, replication, database performance and tuning.
Experience with scripting, automation and SQL/PL-SQL and high-level languages such as Python
Experience with coding in data structures, algorithms and software design.
Experience working on cloud IaaS, PaaS or SaaS products.
Experience with designing or managing large distributed systems.
Experience working with cloud technologies.
System administrator level experience of Linux/Unix or Windows systems (
from kernel to shell and beyond, file systems and client-server protocols).
Understanding of the following Internet technologies: web-tech (HTTP, DNS, TLS, HTML), networking (routing, TCP/IP).
Knowledge of programming/scripting in one or more of the following: Java, C, C++, .NET, Python, Shell, Perl, JavaScript.
Web development experience with strong HTML/JavaScript skills.
Strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design optimized for large-scale distributed software systems
Experience as a Full Stack/Front End Developer.Experience developing or designing client-side applications.
Linux/Unix skills,Experience with compiled, statically typed server technologies (Java, Go).
Experience with ES6 and CoffeeScript.;Experience developing high load/high traffic user-facing software.;
Experience with cloud technologies.Experience with building, maintaining and optimizing responsive web apps.
Experience in Cloud Developer Tools (e.g., VSCode and IntelliJ).Experience with GKE, K8s, Serverless (Cloud Run), and CICD (build).
Experience with leading large, complex, cross-functional engineering projects.
Programming experience (Assembly, C, C++ or scripting using Python or Perl).

















